
You wait for much longer than five minutes, but the wait is restorative and so you don’t leave when the time drags on. You find yourself relaxing back against the concrete, following the journeys of the cracks across it with your eyes.

You only look up when you hear a throat being cleared. 

An old, old man with a polo shirt so faded and soiled it’s the color of yellowed receipts stands before you. On his chest is a name tag that reads “Gene.” 

He stands on the stage with all the dignity and air of a storied actor. He begins his story in a booming, authoritative voice that allows no interruption. 

“In 1947, Brothers Raymond and Eugene Hill bought a large parcel of land just ten miles from the newly established Mammoth Cave National Park. They believed the land to be untouched woodland, ripe for development into a variety of attractions that would surely yield unimaginable profit as the tourists poured into Kentucky for their visits to what would eventually be known as the world’s longest cave system.” He lets this statement hang in the air for a few moments, presumably for you to absorb the grandeur of the region you find yourself in.

“Shortly after the brothers Hill opened Hill Cavern Fair, they realized their mistake, for in the long, uncharted caverns beneath our feet hide secrets. For millennia the fragile limestone lining empty pockets in the earth has given way beneath the feet of both animal and man. Those who avoid the sinkholes aren’t safe– the Underneath claims bodies by enchanting explorers with its caverns and by courting powerful men with its coal. 

“Here, where the caverns yawn wide, where the bodies accumulate, something was stirred. Something hungry and old and greedy crawled from its gore-filled hole and took a form it thought was less threatening to its prey and settled in the heart of Hill Cavern Fair, a spider waiting upon its web.”

Gene goes silent after this last declaration, staring at a spot behind you. 

After a few minutes of silence, it seems like a good idea for you to leave. 
