
You climb the metal steps up to the entrance of the ride. From here, you can see there is actually a cart on a track leading towards a door painted to look as though it’s wood. There’s even a safety bar on the cart, implying the ride might reach speeds for which a safety bar is required. You climb into the cart and Gene cheerfully checks the safety bar before stepping back to a control panel and starting the ride. 

Mechanical whirs and clinks and roars sound as your cart is pulled forward. The metal door swings open at the last second, thrusting you into cool darkness.

And then the air shifts and the darkness adjusts. 

You’re outside, on a large lawn in the dead of night. The moon is high and bright, illuminating a large manor house. 

Not an imitation of a manor house, not a show scene on a dark ride, you’re really there. The only thing connecting you back to your previous surroundings is the cart, but there is no track and you are completely still, facing the scene before you.

The manor house isn’t especially large or imposing. The great expanse of the lawn is between you and the house, and the wind plays through it in a pleasant way as your eyes adjust to the moon-bright darkness. Trees are on either side of the house, and it is well-kept with three rows of plain windows catching a bit of the moonlight and reflecting it back towards you. 

All in all, a pleasant, if confusing, place to be. 

You notice the person crawling towards the manor house with a jolt. It seemed like there was no one there just moments ago, but now you see that a figure on all fours in a black robe-like garment is right before you. You are extremely grateful that the figure is moving away from you, for there is an extreme wrongness in the way it moves, a jittering, dragging sort of crawl that reminds you of glitched analog camera footage. 

You close your eyes, perhaps willing yourself somewhere else, but you feel no change in the air. When you finally open your eyes again you are alone, but there is evidence for where your companion has gone: the first story window, to the left of the door, is open. 

Oh, God, it’s gotten in. 

And you are left waiting for what feels like hours. The safety bar on the cart is indeed clapped down fast and resists all attempts at escape you can muster. You must wait, staring into the darkness of the open window, wondering what the thing is doing inside. 

Your attention drifts with time, and is only snapped back after the thing has exited the house again. It no longer crawls, and it moves quite swiftly, though its movements are still jittery and clumsy. The robe reaches only its knees where it falls into tatters. Long, confident strides on thin white legs brings it towards you. A hood obscures much of its emaciated face, but you can see enough. Oh, God, you can see enough. 

And in its skinny arms, an unmoving baby. 

Is it asleep? 

Is the baby asleep?

You can’t tell. 

You can’t tell at all, and even if you were brave enough (surely, you are brave enough) you cannot save this child, because you’re stuck in this damn cart. You cannot run to save yourself (surely, you would never do this) because you’re stuck in this damn cart. 

But you do not need to worry, for you’re not actually in danger. The– person, figure, skeleton, corpse– the thing simply passes you by, confident in its purpose. It does not even turn its head to acknowledge you. 

The baby does not move or make a sound.

The wind blows hard, suddenly whipping the grass around and causing you to close your eyes against the granules blasted against your face. 

Mechanical whirs and clinks and roars and your cart exits through a metal door painted to look as though it's made of wood. 

The safety bar lifts easily once the cart comes to a stop. Gene is nowhere to be seen. 

You stagger out of the cart on unsteady legs, feeling as though you just rode a modern high-speed roller coaster. 

From behind you, you hear someone else stand up from the cart and walk onto the metal floor. In the corner of your eye, a black and white blurred figure steps beside you.

You turn your head, and of course you are alone. 

